Aaron Johnson
“Come on little man, it’s time to go! You were supposed to be up hours ago!” The voice cleaved straight through my sleep-addled mind, jolting me awake.
“Oh SHIT! It isn’t Wednesday is it? Nononono.”Looking around, I saw light streaming through the shutters into the bedroom that I shared with my brother Alex. That put the time at around 9:30, at least, which meant I was late to my first day of apprenticeship. Dressing quickly, I ran out of the house to the sound of Alex’s chuckles. Stumbling through the town half dressed, I got a few strange looks. The town of Wensley serviced the surrounding farmland, so there was the usual few people doing their chores before the sun hit its zenith and they were forced inside for fear of being burned alive. I made it out of town a few hours before it would be unsafe, and started up the track that would take me to my destination. 
I began bounding up, urgent in my ascent. But as I tired, every rock became a mountain, every brook a raging river. I looked back at Wensley from above and saw people  
By the time I arrived, I was out of breath and could feel sweat running down my forehead, and in between the rolls of fat on my body. I looked up at the tower, huge and foreboding, and unsuccessfully fought a gulp. Well, waiting here was just making me more and more late, so I steeled myself and, for the first time, I pushed open the huge door covered in strange symbols. 
“Ah, I am glad that you deigned to show up. I thought you might have had more important things on this morning.” The voice was cheerful, which was a good sign, but my face still went even more beetroot than it had been, which was a feat within itself. “Would you like a drink? You sure look like you could use it.” Aratus was seated behind a huge utilitarian oak desk, which dominated the room. On the desk were a score of open books and sheets of parchment, along with two whittled wooden goblets. Without warning, Aratus closed his eyes, breathed over the goblets, and as he exhaled a blue, ever shifting mist took the place of his breath. It curled around and formed two balls as if being directed by an unseen hand, and all at once water appeared in its place, landing inside each goblet without spilling so much as a drop.
“Wow”, I breathed, without even realizing it. Aratus chuckled at my expression and waved towards one of the two seats in front of him. Tentatively, I walked to his desk and took a seat on one of the stools.
“That, my dear student, was magic. A relatively paltry display of it as well, if I may say so.” Aratus took a sip of water, smacking his lips in appreciation. “However, transmutation is the final skill taught in mage school, due to the fact that a single mistake can kill the caster or others. But enough of that dreary talk! Let me show you something.” With that, he rose, his old bones complaining as he levered himself out of the highbacked seat with a plain staff. “Come with me”.
For the first time since entering the tower, I looked around. From the outside, the tower was a magnificent structure made of huge, rough-hewn stones, but inside it was entirely different. The walls were covered with huge tapestries depicting long-dead heroes performing great feats. I saw more of the mysterious blue mist in the scenes, and mist of other colours too. 
“You done gawking?” Aratus chided. 
“Yes sir, sorry sir!” I hurried to follow Aratus through a small door behind his desk.

Alex Johnson
After seeing Aaron off, Alex had the whole day to myself. He started with a meagre breakfast formed of squash and sweet potato. There were maybe 3 days left of the same, before he was forced to sell more of his late mother’s jewellery to be able to eat. It broke his heart a little, every time he did that. The townspeople 
EARN MONEY
REINFORCE SUN THING
TALK ABOUT DEAD PARENTS 
MAYBE TALK ABOUT WORLD IN GENERAL
I DON’T KNOW ABOUT VIEWPOINT YET.
ALSO DIRECT VS INDIRECT SPEECH.
